README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"> Hi there, I'm Asad👋</h1>
<h3 align="center"> i like System Programming</h3>

![logo](coder.gif)


I'm a Computer Science student passionate about systems programming, low-level performance, and open-source development. I'm currently building my skills in **Rust**, **Go**, and **C** to pursue a career in creating efficient and reliable infrastructure.

- 🔭 I’m currently building a NES Emulator in Rust (`rnes`).
- 🌱 I’m passionate about Linux, compilers, and distributed systems.
- 💻 I'm a daily driver of **Arch Linux** and **Neovim**.

---

### 📊 My GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=SyedAsadK&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&count_private=true" alt="SyedAsadK's GitHub Stats" /> 
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=SyedAsadK&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Streak" />
  <img width="50%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=SyedAsadK&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&langs_count=10&exclude_repo=Health-Dashboard" alt="Top Languages" />
</p>

---

### 🛠️ My Tech Stack

<p align="left">
  <strong>Languages:</strong><br>
  <a href="#"><img alt="C" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=c"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Rust" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=rust"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Go" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=go"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Python" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Bash" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=bash"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="SQL" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=sqlite"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Java" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java"></a>
</p>
<p align="left">
  <strong>Tools & Environment:</strong><br>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Linux" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linux"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Arch Linux" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=arch"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Git" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Neovim" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=neovim"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="CMake" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cmake"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Docker" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker"></a>
</p>
<p align="left">


### 🚀 My Projects & Contributions

#### My Pinned Projects
| Project | Description | Tech Stack |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **👾 [rnes](https://github.com/SyedAsadK/rnes)** | My flagship project: A NES emulator in Rust, exploring the 6502 CPU and PPU architecture. | **Rust**, `S DL2` |
| **✅ [QuickTask](https://github.com/SyedAsadK/QuickTask)** | A complete TUI task manager built from scratch with a custom UI, state management, and DB backend. | **Go**, `Raylib`, `SQLite` |
| **💻 [dwm](https://github.com/SyedAsadK/dwm)** | My personal, patched build of the `dwm` window manager (C). | **C**, `X11` |

#### My Open Source Contributions
- **[superfile](https://github.com/yorukot/superfile) (15k+ ⭐)**
- **[tldr-pages](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr) (59k+ ⭐)**
- **[Hermyx](https://github.com/Spyder01/Hermyx)** 
- **[Tmp](https://github.com/kjloveless/tmp)**

Commit message:

Include Holopin badges in README
Add Holopin badges link to README

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"> Hi there, I'm Asad👋</h1>
<h3 align="center"> i like System Programming</h3>

![logo](coder.gif)


I'm a Computer Science student passionate about systems programming, low-level performance, and open-source development. I'm currently building my skills in **Rust**, **Go**, and **C** to pursue a career in creating efficient and reliable infrastructure.

- 🔭 I’m currently building a NES Emulator in Rust (`rnes`).
- 🌱 I’m passionate about Linux, compilers, and distributed systems.
- 💻 I'm a daily driver of **Arch Linux** and **Neovim**.

---
[![An image of @syedasadk's Holopin badges, which is a link to view their full Holopin profile](https://holopin.me/syedasadk)](https://holopin.io/@syedasadk)

### 📊 My GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=SyedAsadK&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&count_private=true" alt="SyedAsadK's GitHub Stats" /> 
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=SyedAsadK&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Streak" />
  <img width="50%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=SyedAsadK&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&langs_count=10&exclude_repo=Health-Dashboard" alt="Top Languages" />
</p>

---

### 🛠️ My Tech Stack

<p align="left">
  <strong>Languages:</strong><br>
  <a href="#"><img alt="C" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=c"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Rust" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=rust"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Go" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=go"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Python" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Bash" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=bash"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="SQL" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=sqlite"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Java" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java"></a>
</p>
<p align="left">
  <strong>Tools & Environment:</strong><br>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Linux" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linux"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Arch Linux" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=arch"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Git" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Neovim" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=neovim"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="CMake" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cmake"></a>
  <a href="#"><img alt="Docker" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker"></a>
</p>
<p align="left">


### 🚀 My Projects & Contributions

#### My Pinned Projects
| Project | Description | Tech Stack |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **👾 [rnes](https://github.com/SyedAsadK/rnes)** | My flagship project: A NES emulator in Rust, exploring the 6502 CPU and PPU architecture. | **Rust**, `S DL2` |
| **✅ [QuickTask](https://github.com/SyedAsadK/QuickTask)** | A complete TUI task manager built from scratch with a custom UI, state management, and DB backend. | **Go**, `Raylib`, `SQLite` |
| **💻 [dwm](https://github.com/SyedAsadK/dwm)** | My personal, patched build of the `dwm` window manager (C). | **C**, `X11` |

#### My Open Source Contributions
- **[superfile](https://github.com/yorukot/superfile) (15k+ ⭐)**
- **[tldr-pages](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr) (59k+ ⭐)**
- **[Hermyx](https://github.com/Spyder01/Hermyx)** 
- **[Tmp](https://github.com/kjloveless/tmp)**
